Remember Lingling, keep dragging.
Mr. Zou, no, I'm upset.
Remember Lingling, I don't accept that.
Don't be angry at me
when you have a cold.
Ugh, this is so embarrassing and awful!
(No additional translation needed)
Don't.
Go out.
This afternoon,
we've stocked the Tigeguo medicine, as planned.  Tonight at 8,
it'll be shipped across on the ferry,
but just now, the goods were ready.
Found out who did it?
While there's no concrete evidence yet, the evidence and clues directly point to the culprit.
But judging by the motive,
the Glorious Society is the prime suspect.
Find out within three days,
if the Glorious Society has the goods.
Sir, one more thing.
Speak.
The police chief wants an explanation for our embassy raid; apparently, the embassy has already addressed it.
Such a simple thing requires my input?
Finding a scapegoat would be more convenient, wouldn't it?
Sir, who's the scapegoat?
Such a great opportunity... it goes to the Glorious Society.
Understood.